[Tomoya] How did it go?
[Nagisa] I'm at a loss
for words.
[Tomoya] What did they tell you?
[Nagisa] All recruitment for
potiential new members
is forbidden.
Why in the world would they?
[Nagisa] The Drama Club is
currently on hiatus,
so club activities are
suspended as well.
Therefore, they cannot
approve the posting of
recruiting posters.
That's ridiculous! Not to
mention unfair! They
can't do that!
Did you just tell them,
"Okay, I understand?"
I did my best to convince them,
but all they would say were
rules are rules and they
can't bent.
I don't want you to give up.
There just has to be a way
to get what you want.
You really think so?
We'll just have to start one
up on our own.
It's not right you would
have to
give up your dream
because of this.
Oh Okazaki!
Is that so?
[Youhei] So tell me, are you
seeing that Drama Club girl?
What?
I thought it was odd that you
should get involved with a club.
But if you're just doing
it to be with her,
then I can understand.
Actually, her family runs a
little shop, a bakery.
[Youhei] Huh?
[Tomoya] The pastries her mother
makes are really good.
[Tomoya] If you taste it once,
you'll be hooked.
If you're friends with her,
you can eat all the pastries
you like.
Huh?! Are you serious?
[Tomoya] If not, I wouldn't be
involved with the Drama Club,
would I?
Well, it's true I don't really
think that she's your type.
She's plain and seems so
earnest and goody-goody.
[Tomoya] You just go on thinking
about getting revenge on Tomoyo
Sakagami.
Right?
[cat meows]
You really are persistent.
Yeah, I think so too.
I just came because I wanted
to see you,
you're so beautiful, you know.
[Tomoyo] I can't believe
anything you say.
[yells]
Oh, no!
I've forgotten the fake breasts
I needed for my next class!
Tomoyo, would you please lend
me your breasts, will you?!
Why?
I did it! I caught you!
See that? Did you see that?!
What are you trying
to say exactly?
Her asking why means she
can lend her breast to
me, right?
Then that- That means
her breasts aren't real!
They're removable!
Of course they aren't removable.
[Youhei] See there!
In the first place...
In the first place?
[Youhei yelling]
I'll get her next time.
You intend to continue this?
Of course! Just watch me,
I'll get her next time!
Wait a minute,
there's the weird guy!
I'm not a weird guy, so it has
nothing to do with me.
Wait, Weird Guy.
Are you talking to me?
It's only natural!
There's no one around here
as weird as you.
Someone weird like you
appears once in ten years.
I don't think it's an
exaggeration to say
something like that.
No, I know for sure it's
not an exaggeration!
Thank you very much.
You don't need to thank me.
I'm Tomoya Okazaki of 3-D and
this is my friend Youhei.
Who is this little kid?
Is she someone you know?
It looks like it's double
weird guys!
Huh? And just what is weird
about me?
Your hair is an
impossible color!
[Youhei] Our first meeting?
That's a rude thing to say.
I just want to talk to
Weird Guy #1.
I want to speak privately,
so come with me.
[Fuko] This is far enough.
What I wanted to talk about...
[Both] What?
[Fuko] Oh no! It's double
weird guys!
[Both] You told us to
come with you.
[Fuko] But I only wanted
to talk to you!
You said I was a weird guy too.
Or have you forgotten?
That's because you
have weird hair!
But you, your whole existence
in life is weird!
This kid is definitely
picking a fight.
She says my whole existence
is weird.
You're lucky she says only
a part of you is weird.
[Youhei] Don't worry, I'll let
it go this time, little girl.
[Fuko] Okay now, Weird Guy...
[Tomoya] I told you, stop
calling me that.
[Fuko] I forgot your name.
I told you, I'm Tomoya Okazaki.
All right, Okazaki.
Don't you have something that
you want to say to me?
Something to say?
Yes!
One, two, one, two, one, two...
One, two.
Please stop that!
It's about the present
I gave you.
Are you saying that was
a present?
[Fuko] Yes, it was.
Oh, well thank you.
See you later!
[Fuko] Please wait!
My one and only big sister's
getting married very soon.
[Tomoya] Is that so?
[Fuko] She's marrying someone
named Yusuke.
Won't you please congratulate
the both of them?
Fuko's sister, congratulations
then. See you.
[Fuko] That's not it!
[Tomoya] What is it?
I congratulated her.
I want you to congratulate her
on the day on her wedding day,
where it happens.
So in other words,
you gave me a present,
and you want me to attend your
sister's wedding with you?
Is that it?
That's it.
Why me?
In the first place, I don't even
know you very well.
[Fuko] Well you see, my sister
was the art teacher at this
school until three years ago.
I want more than anything for
everyone to come to my
sister's wedding.
So, I'm giving out these
gifts as invitations.
[Tomoya] To every single student
at the school?
[Fuko] Yes! If they receive
something as cute as this,
they should all be deeply moved.
It's so cute!
Hey!
My nose felt funny just now.
Darn, she didn't drink any!
[Tomoya] You know,
I think it's impossible.
[Fuko] What is?
Well, I mean, if you said
that your sister worked here
about three years ago,
then she- she wouldn't have
known any of the students
that are here now.
And they wouldn't know your
sister so I doubt they would
come to a stranger's wedding.
Do you really think so?
[Tomoya] Yeah, I mean the
seniors are busy with
entrance exams.
But I'll do my very best,
I want everyone to celebrate
and rejoice in my big
sister's wedding.
I may not appear so,
but I'm very busy.
I have to say I don't have
much time for this either.
Well I think that this time I'll
take a different approach.
But you're always claiming
that you'll do that.
This time I swear I'm
really different!
Auck!
Baah!
Oh my goodness,
are you all right?!
I inadvertently put everything
in that kick.
That was a good kick,
I'll give you that.
But after any fight always comes
reconciliation.
Come with me.
[Tomoyo] What is it now?
[Youhei] Come on, never mind.
It's not far.
[Youhei screams]
[Tomoyo] What are you guys
trying to do?
Trying to get me into
the boys' bathroom?
My gosh, there's no limit to
harassment you give me!
He just wants to watch you
go to the bathroom
and make sure you're
really a girl.
[Tomoya] That's all.
[Tomoyo] What?
You're too strong, so he
suspects that you may
actually be a guy in
girl's clothing.
[Tomoya] Are you going
to get mad?
[Tomoyo] More than that,
I'm shocked.
All this time I was under
the impression that I was
finally acting like a girl and
not some bully at this school.
[Tomoya] You're very
sensitive about it.
[Tomoyo] Even with this, I'm
trying very hard to change.
Don't you worry, I'm not letting
it end like this.
[Tomoya] Show a little
more spirit, will ya?
I'd like to but I don't think
I can think of any good ideas.
[Tomoya] Instead of putting up
posters, how about handing out
flyers directly?
I asked about doing that but
they told me I couldn't.
And I don't think that
collecting signatures for
a petition wouldn't go well.
I've heard all about
what you're doing.
[Tomoya] Help us attract
club members?
[Youhei] Yeah, besides,
I'm tired of school pastries.
What? What pastries?
[Youhei] Nevermind. It has
nothing to do with you.
What I heard is that the student
council is blocking your
gathering members, right?
This is gonna be easy.
So do you have a good idea
on how to help?
Call the Student Council
chairman out behind the school,
and everybody beat him up!
But you mustn't do that!
That would be mean!
It's not the Student
Council's fault.
[Youhei] Well that's the
quickest way to fix this,
isn't it?
[Nagisa] In any case, violence
is not a solution.
[Youhei] Then, negotiation?
I'm afraid that isn't my forte.
[Tomoya] We have a great
difference in values then.
But thank you for your concern.
Can you help us non-violently?
Okay then, you guys just leave
it to me.
If this were a role-
playing game...
[Game Voice] Youhei Sunohara
wants to join you.
What will you do?
[Game Youhei] Why is there
no choice to let me join?
[Tomoya] That would make
things too simple.
You know, I have to say, it
really doesn't make any sense
to think only amongst
yourselves.
Don't you both think it's better
to confer with someone
like maybe...?
You may have a pretty
good point there.
Do you have someone in mind?
Of course! If I didn't,
I wouldn't mention it.
Oi oi oi.
[Kyou] Botan, you came again?
[Ryou] What a problem, we still
have a whole of classes.
[Kyou] We'll catch Tomoya or
Youhei and make them watch her.
[Botan] Oi oi oi.
I'm sure they won't mind at all.
If I'm not mistaken, I think
they're talking about us.
Hm. You would think the class
leader would know the rules
about bringing pets so school.
But she is with her sister.
Okay, I want you to go and bring
the younger sister over here.
If you tell her there's someone
who wants to confess his love,
the older sister will probably
stay away.
Ah! Great idea. Good job, man.
What were you and Youhei talking
about just now?
[Tomoya] You think of what
you're going to ask.
Yes, what do you want?
The one who wanted
to see you is...
...her!
What?
What?!
[Nagisa] I'm Nagisa
Furukawa of 3-B.
I'm sorry for calling you out
suddenly. I didn't mean to
startle you.
[Ryou] Uh, that's alright. I'm
Ryou Fujibayashi of D Class.
[Nagisa] You're the Class
Leader, aren't you?
[Ryou] Y..Yes!
That's terrific.
It's not something I could ever
do. I really admire you.
Oh, no, it's not such
a great thing.
I have something to ask you.
Will you listen to me, please?
[Ryou] Yes!
[Tomoya] I want you to answer
as honestly as possible.
She's being completely honest
with you, Ryou.
Please, if you'd wait a minute.
I uh, I didn't think it was
a girl and I...
Sex really doesn't matter,
does it?
The important thing is what's in
the deepest part of your heart.
Sometimes you're a lot smarter
than you look, you know.
I get a bad rap but I'm
essentially a good guy.
[Nagisa] Is it strange
that I'm a girl?
[Ryou] No, you're very cute.
But with me?
Ah, what can I say...
I'm flattered.
I've been a little
troubled by it,
but I decided to be brave
and embrace it.
So you were that troubled by it?
This is kind of exciting.
I have to be honest, that I
don't know what to do anymore.
If you would please just
hear me out.
I do understand.
I will listen to you seriously.
Oh please... Pretty please...
If you would please, help me
form my own school theatrical
drama club.
Okay!
Huh?
[Ryou] Kyou!
Kyou!
How dare you ridicule
my sister?!
If that's the case, why didn't
you say so in the first place?
It's all his fault.
And what about you?!
I'm sorry, I'm not very good
at explaining things.
It made my heart beat so fast.
It's okay.
Don't tell me that these are
the only friends you have?
My friends? Oh, no...
They're- They're just helping me
restart the school's Drama Club.
They must have an
ulterior motive.
Why don't you give up these guys
and be friends with us?
We're a lot more fun
to be around.
[Nagisa] Huh? Um, well I...
[Kyou] You think so too,
don't you, Botan?
[Botan] Boi!
Such a terrible way to put it.
Getting pastries is your
motive, isn't it?
Hey, I appreciate your thinking
about me,
but they've been helping me.
And it wouldn't be right to
abandon them like that.
Okazaki and Sunohara
are really nice guys.
It looks like we've managed
to reconcile.
You wouldn't by any chance
be after this little red head,
would you?
No. Of course I'm not.
In order for any student to
reactivate a suspended club,
first you need members.
For club activities, you need
at least three and an advisor.
That's the rule.
Well, you're right about that.
Three then!
But it's the recruitment
of those members
that they're not allowing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
[Kyou] You already have
the head count.
[Tomoya] Huh?
[Youhei] I do?
[Kyou] This girl and
you and you.
[Tomoya & Youhei] No, no, no...
[Youhei] Give me a break.
I mean, we're not interested
in doing theatrics.
Are we? Well?
[Tomoya] We might not be
able to use
posters and flyers to recruit,
but there's no rule against
inviting people. Is there?
Oh, interesting idea, man.
So do you seriously mean
to help her?
Well yeah, because if I don't
I can't get any of those
delicious pastries.
Maybe I'll do my best to help
Nagisa earnestly too.
She seems like a genuienly
nice girl to me.
School might be fun if I'm
friends with her.
Okay, tomorrow I'll make a
homerun with Tomoyo!
[Tomoya] It's a beautiful
world you live in.
A homerun!
Well that's kind of out
of the blue.
I was just talking to myself!
[Tomoyo] Exactly how long is
this squable going to go on?
I'm truly different today.
My perspective about your
identity has changed at last.
[Tomoyo] What do you mean?
[Tomoya] [whispering] First,
compliment what she's wearing.
What you have on your hair
looks good on you.
Thanks, I guess.
[Youhei] I accept that
Tomoyo is a girl.
Since that's the case, I think I
should simply take advantage
of that.
Okay, you do realize she
actually can't stand you
at all, right?
And that is precisely why
I need your help.
I mean, you seem to get along
with Tomoyo.
[Tomoya] Yeah, well,
better than you.
[Youhei] So, teach me how
to talk to her to get her
to like me.
You're better at dating
than I am.
The uniform looks good
on you too!
[Tomoyo] You're so creepy.
Is it going well?
Yeah, it's going great, man.
Next, I want you to give it a
long stretch and tell her,
"You're so pretty, you must be
the most popular girl in the
whole school." You got it?
[Youhei] You're so pretty, you
must be the most popular girl
in the whole school!
[Tomoya] He's really saying it.
[Youhei] Is this working?
[Tomoyo] You're doing fine.
Next, I want you to say, "Oh
man, do I really want a pretty
girlfriend really really bad."
While doing hindu squats.
[Youhei] I want a pretty
girlfriend really, really bad.
[Youhei] That's totally
unnatural!
[Tomoyo] You're doing fine.
Next, I want you to make like
you're rolling a bowling ball
and say,
"Please make my breakfast
every morning for me,
sweet cheeks."
Tomoyo, please make my breakfast
every morning for me,
sweet cheeks!
Is there any meaning to
these poses?!
[Tomoya] Not especially.
Then don't make me do them!
So, he was teasing me with
these compliments after all?
If that's the case, the first
move means victory!
[Youhei screams]
[Tomoya] Sorry man, I
unconsciously kicked you back.
[Youhei] Ouch.
Please make this the last time
you talk to me.
Uh, wait a minute, Tomoyo.
[Tomoya] Do you have any
interest in drama?
In drama?
[Tomoya] We're recruiting
members.
You can wear feminine clothes.
[Tomoyo] I'm a little
interested, but it's
probably impossible.
It's almost time for Student
Council chairman elections.
I have no time for
club activities.
Student Council chairman?
I'm going to be very
busy very soon.
Find someone else.
Student Council chairman...
[Tomoya] Hey, Ichinose.
Ichinose...
[Tomoya] So fast, that's
a genius for you.
Hey, Kotomi Ichinose.
Kotomi.
Hey, Kotomi.
Kotomi?
[Kotomi] Huh?
[Tomoya] I'm Tomoya
Okazaki of 3-D.
[Tomoya] You're Ichinose
of 3-A, right?
Um... Why yes, as a matter
of fact, I am.
[Tomoya] You're Kotomi Ichinose.
I hear you're famous.
You can call me Kotomi-chan.
At least, let me drop the"-chan", will y
Perhaps you would like to come
and read with me?
[Tomoya] I didn't come to read.
Would you like to eat
lunch with me?
[Tomoya] I came to recruit
you for a club.
Do you have any interest
in acting?
[Kotomi] Acting?
I'm looking for some
new members.
If I can just use your name
maybe to get others...
My name?
I have to be honest, it's such
a strange request.
Tomoya... kun...
[Tomoya] No, you don't have to
put a pause there for no reason.
I'll come back some other time.
Will you please think about it?
Tomoya-kun?
[Tomoya] What?
See you again.
[Tomoya] You had no luck either?
[Nagisa] No, I asked a number
of students,
but unfortunatly
no one's intersted.
[Tomoya] When you think
about it, no one was interested,
so the club was suspended.
I thought it would be easy,
but it looks like it'll take
a lot of work.
The seniors have college exams.
The sophomores might be
interested because they're
so new to the school.
But I don't know a lot of them.
The sophomores, yeah...
[Tomoya] Hey, you're still here?
[Fuko] Oh, Weird Guy.
Well how do you do?
My name is Nagisa
Furukawa of 3-B.
How do you do?
[Nagisa] Fuko, do you happen to
have any interest in acting?
[Fuko] Intrest in acting?
[Tomoya] The Drama Club
is recruiting members.
And you're a sophomore.
You haven't joined a club
yet, have you?
[Fuko] I'm very busy.
I don't have time for school
club activities.
[Tomoya] Oh come on,
Fuko, don't say that.
You're not making those things
all day and all night, are you?
I do this from morning to night,
right through, right here.
[Tomoya] You say that, but you
go home, don't you?
No. I never go home.
I'm always in school.
[Nagisa] Oh!
[Tomoya] Oh that's not possible.
You have to go home sometime,
you know.
But I'm not lying!
I don't go home.
I'm always at school.
From morning to night?
That's right.
You don't go home at all?
That's right. There's no
reason to go home.
Did you, by chance, run away
from home?
To be honest with you, I can't
really tell you why I'm here.
On the way home from the school
entrance ceremony,
I was almost hit by a car.
And before I knew it I was
here at the school.
Hit by a car?
If I may ask you, what would
your last name be, Fuko?
It's Ibuki; I'm Fuko Ibuki.
Fuko Ibuki...
Miss Ibuki's younger sister?
Okazaki, this girl is someone
who knows my big sister.
[Tomoya] Oh, yeah...
Come to think of it,
you're a repeater.
Yes and Miss Ibuki was my art
teacher in my first year, but...
Her sister was got into an
accident and has been
hospitalized all this time.
She came to buy pastries
at the bakery yesterday
saying she was on her way home
from visiting her sister.
Okazaki, have you ever heard
about the ghost of the girl who
died in a car accident?
[Tomoya] It couldn't be...
[Kouko] Her color looked good.